---
aliases: []
confidence: 
created: 2025-08-26T20:39:06Z
epistemic: 
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-08-26
last_reviewed: 
modified: 2025-11-03T13:48:40Z
purpose: 
review_interval: 
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status: 
tags: []
title: 2025-08-26
type:
uid: 
updated: 
version:
---

```journal-nav

```

- I am not writing how I think. All the back and forth and restating I do. The feeling and questioning. The self doubt.
- I am not sure how to find a candidate. I should just talk to them.
- I am getting to the end of the little physics thing. I realise there is no answer. There is never a conclusion, just more questions. I wonder if it is possible to learn the fundamentals? Or get good at the logic.
- Why am I finding it so hard to work?
- I have come to believe that my ADHD problems are mostly emotional. My memory and lack of motivation for non interesting tasks can be handled with extended mind and the other techniques but mostly it is emotional issues that hold me back.
- I am being especially weak at the moment. I am hardly moving. It's quite special.
- I am amazed at the people from history. Kepler is a new one. Rigours.
- How could I bring rigour to my work? Focus on the details. IP addresses, domain names. Service route policies. Documentation. Neat and tidy it all up.
- I don't listen to music anymore. I could get back into it. There are lots of videos to re enthuse me.
- if life is absurd I should enjoy it. There is no meaning or plan.
- don't dismiss myself. I enjoy revelling in the wonder of things. So what if it's not practical or productive. Nor is hanging out having a laugh. But you wouldn't dismiss that as worthless.
- what are some ways to raise serotonin and dopamine naturally?
- what foods can I eat? More plants.
- maths is the science of patterns and structures. I love the mystery of suspecting there is a definable structure responsible for the pattern.
