---
aliases: []
confidence: 
created: 2025-06-01T23:28:40Z
epistemic: 
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-06-02
last_reviewed: 
modified: 2025-11-03T13:48:40Z
purpose: 
review_interval: 
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status: 
tags: []
title: 2025-06-02
type:
uid: 
updated: 
version:
---

```journal-nav

```

This Mounjaro injection has changed my life. Losing weight is feeling amazing. But also not eating tonnes of crap means id don't feel sick and guilty. It's difficult to state what it means to me. I hate setting myself in a mirror and seeing the huge belly. I don't bother dressing well because looking fat humiliates me. I feel so unattractive. Not that I want to attract women, just I feel so much more comfortable around people when slimmer. No matter what people say I know they judge. I feel like I lose status a little by being so big. I am embarrassed and want to hide. I feel better-looking people get more respect. I also feel physically better. I can move easier. I feel lighter. And the lack of food noise is amazing. I can eat just a little. I don't need sugar anymore. I can feel the effect of poor quality food on my stomach. I am in a much better position to make healthy food choices. I feel there is more point in exercising.I am feeling more like myself or that I match my self image better as I'm losing this weight. The idea I could be below 100kg seems achievable even if at the same time seeking such an amazing goal. My weight has been a constant source of stress and shame for years and the idea I might get rid of it doesn't seem real. I would even put it up there with the idea of becoming very rich. The relief you would feel having lots of money would feel like this. I am also very sensitive to all the warnings about fat especially around the stomach. I am getting older and can't rely on my body to just be ok. I have over the years taken on board ideas and advice and comments and social cues all constantly highlighting the negative effects of being fat.
