---
aliases: []
confidence: 
created: 2025-10-29T03:15:22Z
epistemic: 
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-10-29
last_reviewed: 
modified: 2025-11-03T13:48:40Z
purpose: 
review_interval: 
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status: 
tags: []
title: 2025-10-29
type:
uid: 
updated: 
version:
---

```journal-nav

```

**Life Day:** 18984
**Life Week:** 2712 (67.8%)
**Life Month:** 623
**Life Year:** 51

---

Update on Go Live: Easwaran said we may have to wait until tomorrow to do the RES prod VPC peering. This is from him on Teams:

"For PROD VPC peering we need root IAM access so might need to wait till tomorrow when Keiran is back"

Susannah Thomas

  12:52

This from Laura earlier - mentioned to Robin and Weronika in our morning meeting:

"As an FYI, there is an error in the SDE test system which means the data managers can't access any systems at all. Eash is working on it but this will delay them both checking the synthetic data query on CUH data and reading the data files that were sent to the S3 bucket. The Hyve QA files arrived and were readable."

2 replies

Last reply 1 day agoView thread

Ollie Rushton

  13:38

Update: I am still working on HDRUK production connection. I have successfully connected the production relay service to the HDRUK production cohort discovery API. I am currently working on the AWS Infrastructure work to change the existing Relay Load balancer to point to the production service. Also deploying a Pre-Prod relay load balancer to expose the pre-prod relay service. Then will need to configure CUH bunny to connect to the production relay service

13:38

Just taking pup out for a bit

:dog2:

1

Ollie Rushton

  16:52

Update: Successfully ran a HDRUK cohort discovery query against Live Data!!!

:raised_hands:

2

16:56

@Helena Ahlfors - I have recorded a video of the cohort discovery query running and returning a result against live data - the query just counts the number of male patients. As it's an aggregated count, I don't think this is sensitive data at all, but I just wanted to check I can upload my screen recording to the Jira ticket as proof of completion of the work? Then @Weronika Jastrzebska might forward it to the SDE team. Is this alright? Will wait for your approval

Helena Ahlfors

  16:57

I think this would be ok - no way of identifying anyone so don't see any compliance concerns

Ollie Rushton

  16:58

ok thanks

Ollie Rushton

  17:12

Update Go Live: I've sent an email to Jakub to confirm if the omop_prd user was enabled, as currently we can see "login failed" errors for the CUH connection to OMOP production data.

Hopefully he will say it wasn't, flip the switch and we will be good. If it was already enabled, I'll need to debug it.

Also, we will need to wait for SDE to connect RES production before we get CUH to connect the production data source to the SDE tenant.

Robin Mofakham

  19:53

Easwaran doesn't have perms to switch RES, so needs to wait for Keiran (back Wednesday).

"Login failed" is so unhelpful :joy:

Susannah Thomas

  09:51

For the NNUH call this morning, probably only need Helena and Robin on the call (if Robin can respond to any tech questions arising from the NNUH Actions Register)

:+1:

1
