---
aliases: []
confidence: 
created: 2025-12-01T00:15:26Z
epistemic: 
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-12-01
last_reviewed: 
modified: 2025-12-04T13:28:30Z
purpose: 
review_interval: 
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status: 
tags: []
title: 2025-12-01
type: 
uid: 
updated: 
---

```journal-nav

```

**Life Day:** 19021
**Life Week:** 2717 (67.9%)
**Life Month:** 625
**Life Year:** 52

---

- we need to write down what we are doing and have that as a record of the work. We need it all in Jira. As work sets. Work packages.
- I need to define the deployment better and describe the work and it's purpose.
- with the sde are we the networking layer? Are we responsible for keeping the connections running? Are we responsible for keeping the network secure? There is a route between the sde and the data provider. There are a number of resources that enable this connection. Are we responsible for that whole group of resources? It is only for our application currently.
- we need a checklist for each deployment of what features they need.
    - fitconnect
    - project manager
    - omop
    - cohort discovery.
- also what phase. Poc live test?
- I don't get a say in Bessie's education.
    - I am not allowed to create a process or anything. We just let Bessie say what happens.
    - it is based on how she feels about it. Most kids don't love school. Mine get to choose to follow that feeling regardless of any other concerns.
    - if we don't do what she says she will hurt herself.
    - we must never tell her what to do.
    - I believe that life is unfair and you can't just demand what you want and that the children should learn this and learn how to cope as they grow up. Instead we are teaching them to only go by their childish emotions and feelings. Not something useful in the real world.
    - Bessie can't just sit in her room on the laptop. Especially if she doesn't go to school.
    - She feels bad, like everyone does especially teenagers. But the difference is we all have to run around after her feelings.
    - she is now wasting everyone's time. It is embarrassing. They have bent over backwards for us and we are just throwing it back in their faces.
