---
aliases: []
confidence: 
created: 2025-05-25T07:04:58Z
epistemic: 
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-05-25
last_reviewed: 
modified: 2025-11-03T13:48:40Z
purpose: 
review_interval: 
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status: 
tags: []
title: 2025-05-25
type:
uid: 
updated: 
version:
---

```journal-nav

```

I have these project files, but I have totally forgotten about them. To combat this specific problem, I should review the files. I often review my notes and tasks in an ad-hoc manner. I don't have a time blocked time to sit and do it properly. I'll look through it on my phone while sitting in front of the TV. This is not very focused or deliberate. And I'll do just a bit. I am not sitting and thinking properly or controlling my focus and finishing the work of reviewing. It is piecemeal, which leads to no clarity. The lack of clarity really stumps my brain.

Why I don't particularly like holidays.

People enjoy holidays as they are a break from their crap lives. I don't think we should feel bad the rest of the time. I think life should be fulfilling and just going to sit on a beach. It is I think more that a holiday has experiences that enrich peoples lives. I think every moment should be enriching

I need a simple hook into the GTD system. I have learned the separate parts but do them in isolation. So I end up doing the easiest one. They don't feed into each other. They don't feed enthusiasm into each other. When capturing interesting things, I am not compelled to process them. When I do review the items, I don't have the energy in my brain to organise them. When I create the next actions I don't have that excitement to actually do them. It's like me creating next action feels like job done. But it is not, of course. I would like to have each stage stimulate the next. To inject motivation forward.

The FITFILE core is the dataset processing stuff. The FITFILE project manager is the frontend and project stuff. I'm not sure users would need APIs to use the project manager.

When Zofja states things and makes claims, they need to be justified. It is not fair to make arbitrary claims that support your position without having to justify anything. That is then just a bunch of random statements.

I stated I want to use writing to think. I tend to use LLM to elaborate and clarify my ideas. I could iterate more on items.

I don't know why I'm so critical of myself. There is no standard I have to achieve for this Zettelkasten stuff. No one else will see it. I just need to write things down. Try linking them up. See if I can gain anything. If not, so what? I enjoy this. When I struggle to remember as I am going I should write. When I reread I should clarify what I meant.
