---
aliases: []
confidence:
created: 2025-11-14T00:20:28Z
epistemic:
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-11-14
last_reviewed:
modified: 2025-11-14T13:53:48Z
purpose:
review_interval:
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status:
tags: []
title: 2025-11-14
type:
uid:
updated:
---

```journal-nav

```

**Life Day:** 19004
**Life Week:** 2714 (67.8%)
**Life Month:** 624
**Life Year:** 52

---

- had a thought about the KtA and adding a constraints section. I then thought about tagging the line.
- also I want to process these inputs. How can I do that? Anything I put in a bullet should be an inbox item.
- I like the idea of each bullet point being an object like in tana. But tana is a closed system.
- My thoughts are not clear. The purpose of the kta is not clear! how do I use it
- in k8s what is a workload?
- I want to capture my actual thinking. I have just been taking notes and the words do not match what I am thinking. Learning about the azure backup I like to think in terms of OOP and data structures and how they interact. What is the base object?how do they all fit together?
    - As I am writing the above bullet I am wondering if there is a more precise way of describing how I want to understand something. This is a central topic for me that I often come back to.
- How I build my mental models.
    - I want to see some hierarchy
    - I want some abstraction
    - what is in charge?
        - this sounds a bit silly but my whole life I have had this hierarchical view of things. For instance, the black snooker ball always looks more important. It is worth more and can end the game. But I feel that hierarchy not just know it. It is a feeling
    - How does the data interact?
    - I guess I am less about the details more about the big picture
    - I like to interchange concepts between domains.
- We are not equal in our concern for the relationship. I try different things and think about what can be done. I reflect. I try to talk about it. Zofja does none of this. She hasn't yet bought up our relationship. Or reflected on any of my concerns.
