---
aliases: []
confidence: 
created: 2025-08-06T08:34:33Z
epistemic: 
id: "2025-07-26"
journal: Daily
journal-date: "2025-07-26"
last_reviewed: 
modified: 2025-11-03T13:48:40Z
purpose: 
review_interval: 
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status: 
tags: []
title: 2025-07-26
type:
uid: 
updated: 
version:
---

```journal-nav

```

## Personal

- Why understanding matters. When you know something you can make accurate predictions. You understand or can see how some things effect others. The wider your view the more info you have to predict things or workout the reason something is happening.
- Our understanding is myopic. We don't really know what is going on. The days we have helps. We can only hold a little amount at once so the high the abstraction the more you see. Like climbing up a hill.

## Work

- What is my goal with the gitops and iac?
- The deployment is still messy.
- Write up our ip usage and needs.
- master argocd
- Get the most out of trivy. How does it fit the bigger picture of security.
- patching and updating all the things
  - Tf modules
  - yarn packages
  - K8s components
  - the vms in cloud
  - the helm charts
- the K8s API is of primary importance to my work
- The Kubernetes API is of primary importance to my work. I want to master it and it's objects and how they fit together. A confusion happens when we as devs mix up abstractions. Sometimes thinking about containers and images others K8s objects like pods and deployments and the helm charts and values overrides. These are all different levels of abstraction and can lead to defects in thinking and mental models. If I can focus on and master the K8s API I will be able to administer our platform on multiple cloud providers. Create me a practical curriculum that helps me master Kubernetes and solve real cloud native application problems
