---
aliases: []
confidence: 
created: 2025-03-06T23:48:36Z
epistemic: 
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-03-07
last_reviewed: 
modified: 2025-11-03T13:48:41Z
purpose: 
review_interval: 
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status: 
tags: []
title: 2025-03-07
type:
uid: 
updated: 
version:
---

```journal-nav

```

- I find that there are deeper feelings and reasons for why I am me. I liked the one about me seeing how ineffective hierarchy often is. It's made me reject it.
- Woke up thinking feeling less enthusiastic than I was yesterday. This is the problem. I use the enthusiasm to guide my actions. But the enthusiasm is fickle. It is nowhere near up to the job of guiding me. It doesn't have a plan. It just seemingly randomly fixates on some arbitrary thing regardless of any higher plan. I speak about it like it is separate from me.
- I love this idea. A patient has medical snapshot measurements taken by separate entities. Then a cohort is created using filters on sets of individual's data. The cohort has properties that are emergent based on the values of the individual's measurements. The cohort properties are of value to researchers, but mixed in with the information they want and need is info that can identify individuals. Individual's privacy is protected by robust laws. Their privacy is a human right. Their privacy is linked deeply with their safety and freedom in our society. The identifying data is mixed in with cohort data in a complex way that is very difficult to untangle. Identifying information can emerge from combinations of seemingly non-identifiable data. The number of combinations is not knowable before seeing the data.
- It is a challenge to rebuild an individual's medical profile across silos. Combining the patients snapshot measurements before creating cohort datasets enriches the info embedded in those sets.
