---
aliases: []
confidence:
created: 2025-11-09T07:04:53Z
epistemic:
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-11-09
last_reviewed:
modified: 2025-11-09T10:21:16Z
purpose:
review_interval:
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status:
tags: []
title: 2025-11-09
type:
uid:
updated:
---

```journal-nav

```

**Life Day:** 18999
**Life Week:** 2714 (67.8%)
**Life Month:** 624
**Life Year:** 52

---

- personal playbooks
- my requirements are too vague. I keep creating new ideas because I like the feeling from a new idea. So I ask LLM to make a plan of how to do prodOS and get an exciting answer. I enjoy this phase but it goes nowhere. It is always too complicated. What is this problem?too much preparing not enough action. I have ideas but don't use them. This is the idea from yesterday about applying knowledge. [[Biggest problem]]
- I want to be able to enter ideas and have them packaged by robots.
- What am I even talking about with lines of thought? I think maybe I mean when developing ideas and testing them against existing knowledge and coming to conclusions. If I could track that and keep it updated I would be able to progress. But it is all pointless without the doing. Learning about networking without building networks is pointless. [[Passive Learning]] [[Type 1 Information is Theoretical]] [[Biggest problem]]
- ideas are messy. They don't have 1 final rendering. When I try to capture them I can keep iterating indefinitely because there is always a new way to define ideas. So when I try to take notes on them to pin them down I can't. It is a bit like nailing water to the wall. [[not a final thought]]
- I am interested in cost optimization in azure and Aws
- I am also interested in network security. 
- How well do you do with adding to obsidian