---
aliases: []
confidence:
created: 2025-11-29T00:14:38Z
epistemic:
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-11-29
last_reviewed:
modified: 2025-12-04T13:28:30Z
purpose:
review_interval:
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status:
tags: []
title: 2025-11-29
type:
uid:
updated:
---

```journal-nav

```

**Life Day:** 19019
**Life Week:** 2717 (67.9%)
**Life Month:** 624
**Life Year:** 52

---

- I really want to sort out the deployment configuration. The are so many manual steps.
- Zofja is not helping with the budget. Nothing has changed. She is still ignoring the inconvenience of only spending what we have.
    - I summed up all our debt and the payments each month. £10,100. Some of which is mine of course and I should not be doing it. My watch and phone. And glasses. But there is a fundamental problem with Zofja's relationship with money but there is no way for me to address it because she can do no wrong. So if the money turns
    - out to be her fault she refuses to acknowledge it as such. The only thing she will agree out loud is it is our fault but internally she blames me more. Because the spending is not on her.
    - I think she believes she does everything for other people and she deserves treats. She is deserving of special treatment. She is the only one working for the team and so deserves special treatment from that team.
- She has not raised anything about our relationship and my efforts to fix things.
- although I am still making mistakes I am trying to help without complaining.
    - I thought that this was a red herring. I don't think me not helping is what is wrong. I think there is a deeper emotional need I am not meeting. If I did everything for her she would except it as deserved and it wouldn't make a difference to her interest or affection in me.
    - is seems like she doesn't want to put any effort in to the relationship
