---
aliases: []
confidence: 
created: 2025-05-31T02:55:57Z
epistemic: 
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-05-31
last_reviewed: 
modified: 2025-11-03T13:48:40Z
purpose: 
review_interval: 
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status: 
tags: []
title: 2025-05-31
type:
uid: 
updated: 
version:
---

```journal-nav

```

I want to get this FF index of the ground. But I'm doing the perfectionist thing to it. I have an imagined, almost felt sense of this organised index but no clear concrete examples.

It would be useful to link to a requirement too.

We could link some FAQ to requirements.

- [x] find the NHS confluence pages that inspired my FF index idea %%[tid:: [6c5j972GPRFVC5Cv](todoist://task?id=6c5j972GPRFVC5Cv)]%%
      I could start with:
- FF core
- FF project manager
- FF queries
- [x] decide on a feature to draft the first feature page for %%[tid:: [6c5jCFfJ9XxpJPqM](todoist://task?id=6c5jCFfJ9XxpJPqM)]%%
      Each feature page could say status, interface (API, UI), version, repo or source location.

## Features

- add user permissions
- create query plan
- create query
- create a project
- run a query plan against distributed data sources
- disclosure approval
- manage project membership
- run query against data source
- privacy treat a dataset
- manage a research project
- Optout
- join privacy treated datasets
- opt out a dataset
- manage user permissions for viewing identifiable datasets
- generate audit logs for data transformations
- harmonise omop
- data source management
- small number suppression
- cohort discovery
- combine transformations
- dedupe cohort count

## Procrastination

Procrastination is a way of self repairing negative emotions from trying to do a task. Why do I feel stressed by tasks? What tasks do I avoid? That is the question. I will look out for it. Sometimes I look at a task on my list and it has no pull. I almost feel repulsed by it.
