---
aliases: []
confidence: 
created: 2025-07-22T02:33:03Z
epistemic: 
id: "2025-07-22"
journal: Daily
journal-date: "2025-07-22"
last_reviewed: 
modified: 2025-11-03T13:48:40Z
purpose: 
review_interval: 
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status: 
tags: [daily-note]
title: 2025-07-22
type:
uid: 
updated: 
version:
---

```journal-nav

```

- I am still not sure of the best order to get a new deployment started
  - Gitlab first
  - then TFC
  - then secrets
  - then Grafana
- Still not convinced of our prelim questions
- As I am reading through the ideas from the LLM alchemy it still just seems like a wiki.
- I have been just capturing the long LLMs output rather than explaining what I am thinking. It is easy to get the long LLMs output. No thinking involved.
- It is hard for me. I always want to believe I am smart. But I am not. I have some good ideas from time to time. Like most people.
- People lack an awareness of their own misunderstanding.
- certainty is the problem. People feel certain they understand.
- the knowledge illusion and think fast think slow delve into this.
- the illusion of explanatory depth.
- I have ADHD and spent 48 years of my life not knowing I did. For as long as I can remember I have felt I was different from other people. Over time I have created this personal myth that I am different and somehow better than other people. I hate being the same as someone else. But obviously I am mostly similar to other and maybe a tiny fraction have my own unique aspects. It's like I only feel good if I am special. If someone else is better at something than me then they are special not me, and if I am the same as others I am also not special. This kind of mind set obviously leads to misery and suffering. Why does my brain do this? Why can't I be happy just being alive?
- How can I get better at patching? I have the script to check our helm charts. It just needs to help login to acr better.
- I also have the Terraform provider checker. I have made the providers pass inable therefore minimising the number of places that need to update.
- I want to set up 2 simple private networks between AWS and Azure to practice connecting them.
  - Maybe a K8s cluster in each? Overkill for the initial steps. We have the K8s egress ingress already but not the cloud to cloud.
  - it will require private DNS.
  - some form of server on each to make and receive requests.
  - Terraform.
- I have been using LLMs a lot to do my thinking. I want my actual thoughts instead. However crap they are, they are mine. The LLMs always validate my ideas and I never get challenged. It's a form of confirmation bias but seems tailor made for my actual thoughts.
- I am reading about Newton. He seems to have been very practical rather than just thinking. He made things and did experiments. That is what I am missing when choosing. I am not doing the experiments. Same with maths. And exercise. Just do it. Expect crap. It doesn't matter about quality
- Bessie was odd again at school, saying terrible things but then once home acting fine.
