---
aliases: []
confidence: 
created: 2025-07-22T23:27:43Z
epistemic: 
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-07-23
last_reviewed: 
modified: 2025-11-03T13:48:40Z
purpose: 
review_interval: 
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status: 
tags: []
title: 2025-07-23
type:
uid: 
updated: 
version:
---

```journal-nav

```

## Personal

- wondering about Bessie and her weird comments to Mr. H. What is her motive? I don't believe a word of it. But I don't get the cutting either.

## Work

- The logging is still a bit messy. I need to get k8s to log using JSON.
- I need to find the alloy config so I can set up JSON parsing. This might cause more effort from the alloy pods though. I don't have a good grasp of the helm charts and values. I want to see it as a hierarchy so that I know where things are set up and what is happening. It would be good if I could output the manifest per component, in this case be able to output the k8s object for the alloy pods
- I also need to draw the link between SDE and CUH. It seems a bit up in the air. No one is taking charge and defining how it works.
- [CUH On-prem infra](<CUH On-prem infra>)
- We need to sort out the link between SDE and CUH. Where are the diagrams? Can we consolidate the networking? It would be good to have a complete picture of the networking. What are the options for it?
- My responsibilities:
  - The full network
  - patching
  - The encryption of all traffic
    - Certificates
    - TLS
    - HTTPS
  - The IAM
- I need to configure Alloy. Find out how it is configured already.
- The security needs a comprehensive plan to share
- Ollie was talking about setting up our test aws again. We should set it up like SDE and CUH. The networking and certificates need fixing.
- [Kubernetes Certificates and Stuff](<Kubernetes Certificates and Stuff>)
