---
aliases: []
confidence:
created: 2025-11-14T00:20:28Z
epistemic:
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-11-14
last_reviewed:
modified: 2025-11-15T18:29:04Z
purpose:
review_interval:
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status:
tags: []
title: 2025-11-14
type:
uid:
updated:
---

```journal-nav

```

**Life Day:** 19004
**Life Week:** 2714 (67.8%)
**Life Month:** 624
**Life Year:** 52

---

- also I want to process these inputs. How can I do that? Anything I put in a bullet should be an inbox item.
  - I like the idea of each bullet point being an object like in tana. But tana is a closed system.
- in k8s what is a workload?
- [[I want to capture my actual thinking]].
  - I have just been taking notes and the words do not match what I am thinking.
[[The why of my zettelkasten]]
  - of it were to work out would be different from what I currently do.
- Learning about the azure backup I like to think in terms of OOP and data structures and how they interact. What is the base object?how do they all fit together?
- As I am writing the above bullet I am wondering if there is a more precise way of describing how I want to understand something. This is a central topic for me that I often come back to.
  - How I build my mental models.
    - I want to see some hierarchy
    - I want some abstraction
    - what is in charge?
      - this sounds a bit silly but my whole life I have had this hierarchical view of things. For instance, the black snooker ball always looks more important. It is worth more and can end the game. But I feel that hierarchy not just know it. It is a feeling
      - How does the data interact?
      - I guess I am less about the details more about the big picture
      - I like to interchange concepts between domains.
  - I constantly switch between doing things simpler and then start making it more and more complicated. Adding all kinds of metadata. I just need it for thinking. And tracking my thinking. The problem I have here is that this bullet will be lost on a few days.
- We are not equal in our concern for the relationship.
  - I try different things and think about what can be done. I reflect. I try to talk about it. Zofja does none of this. She hasn't yet bought up our relationship. Or reflected on any of my concerns. Not that I can remember.
