---
aliases: []
confidence:
created: 2025-11-24T00:22:54Z
epistemic:
journal: Daily
journal-date: 2025-11-24
last_reviewed:
modified: 2025-12-04T13:28:30Z
purpose:
review_interval:
see_also: []
source_of_truth: []
status:
tags: []
title: 2025-11-24
type:
uid:
updated:
---

```journal-nav

```

**Life Day:** 19014
**Life Week:** 2716 (67.9%)
**Life Month:** 624
**Life Year:** 52

---

- Can I still deploy the NNUH Cluster? I think so. I can but try. Should I use targeted modules? Asked Windsurf to give me the order to deploy the resources so I can so it one at a time. Feels more controlled.
   - ps. I used GPT-5.1 high reasoning. It is taking ages. Do I even need high reasoning? It feels as though I always want to use the most intelligent, but that might not be true.
- Why is azure so disorganised? How do we do an incident report on it?
- Deployment order from GPT-5.1
    - [x] `azurerm_subnet.bastion` [completion:: 2025-11-24]
    - [x] `module.private-infrastructure.module.aks_network` + NSGs + NSG associations [completion:: 2025-11-24]
    - [x] `module.private-infrastructure.module.routetable`? nothing changed [completion:: 2025-11-24]
    - [x] `module.private-infrastructure.module.aks_cluster` [completion:: 2025-11-24]
    - [x] `module.private-infrastructure.module.FITFILEJumpbox` [completion:: 2025-11-24]
    - [x] `module.private-infrastructure.module.bastion_host` [completion:: 2025-11-24]
    - [x] `azurerm_subnet_nat_gateway_association.*` [completion:: 2025-11-24]
    - [x] Final full `terraform plan/apply` (no `-target`).* [completion:: 2025-11-24]
- [[The userDefinedRoute didn't work because there was no nextHop.]] There was an error about
- Really, why can't I just do stuff? Why not just start things? I keep blaming ADHD and the task initiation problems. But I have a choice. When I look at a task, like putting up that hanger next to my bed, I just shrug. Why? What would it take? Why do I not want to start it? To do it I need to get my tools and... Get my tools together. Drill and those butterfly bolts.
- how does Aws backup work? Do I actually need that? Velero in k8s with annotations to select what gets backed up.
